
# System Description

Provide a brief textual description of your system. The first paragraph of the description
must contain the problem statement, the product position statement, and the value
proposition of your system (you can refine/update what you presented in D.2). The
following paragraphs should describe the key requirements of the system. This description
should be consistent with D.2 stakeholders, requirements, use cases, and user stories.
Again, refinements/updates are welcome since your understanding of the system is
constantly evolving.

[Paragraph 1]
As college students start growing out of dependencies on their parents, one of the most important lessons to be taught is financial responsibility. There are many ways to keep track of a budget but it can be confusing to the point of deferring the user. With BetrBudget, a simple and valuable budgeting app, the user is opened up to the world of finances in the form of a simplistic design, without the intimidating features that most students wouldn't understand how to use anyways. Unlike other apps, curating to college students and younger audiences is something that is taken seriously. Not only is there a simpler easier to understand design, but also features that specifically curate towards people with lower incomes that typically live in roommate environments. By using BetrBudget, keeping financially organized without putting in lots of research and time into learning how to budget is possible and being newly independent is a lot easier.

[Paragraph 2]
(Key requirements). 


Use Bold every time that you use a noun that is a class in your model. Use Italic every
time that you use a noun that is an attribute in your model. Use Underline every time
that you use a noun or verb that is an association in your model.


# Model

Provide the conceptual model of your system as a UML class diagram. Represent proper
cardinalities (multiplicities) for all associations. Also include the association names.



