
# Introduction

As college students start growing out of dependencies on their parents, one of the most important lessons to be taught is financial responsibility. There are many ways to keep track of a budget but it can be confusing to the point of deferring the user. With BetrBudget, a simple and valuable budgeting app, the user is opened up to the world of finances in the form of a simplistic design, without the intimidating features that most students wouldn't understand how to use anyways. Unlike other apps, curating to college students and younger audiences is something that is taken seriously. Not only is there a simpler easier to understand design, but also features that specifically curate towards people with lower incomes that typically live in roommate environments. By using BetrBudget, keeping financially organized without putting in lots of research and time into learning how to budget is possible and being newly independent is a lot easier.

Our app also will allow us to create groups where multiple registered users can track shared expenses together. This will mostly be intended for shared periodic expenses between the members of the group, such as rent or a shared subscription service. Each group member will have their own permissions level (admin, edit, view) which can be set by the group owner (or those with 'admin' permissions). Admin will also allow you to kick/add members to the group at any time. Edit will allow the member to manage expenses for the group, but not manage the members. View will only allow the member to see and receive notifications from the shared budget. Notifications for expenses will be sent out to everyone in the group for the group expenses just like with any other periodic expense. Registered users have the ability to log income and keep track of the period, amount, and type with the option to change details as needed. Each registered user will have access to their own settings allowing them to view and change various options related to their in app experience, like notification choices and a view of their lifetime savings. Periodic Expenses are linked to different attributes that can change how their data is viewed. This is done with an enumerated period of time of either daily, weekly, monthly, and never.
https://trello.com/b/sApKl3jb/betrbudget https://github.com/ChrisCalah/BetrBudget

# Implemented requirements

# Tests

# Demo

# Code quality

# Lessons Learned
